Terms and Conditions
========================

Last updated: 27-03-18

Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using the Mobile App
(Doppelganger) mobile application operated by Group 17.

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and
compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others
who access or use the Service.

**By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.**

### Basic Terms

1. You must be at least 13 years old to use the Service.

2. You may not post violent, nude, partially nude, discriminatory, unlawful,
infringing, hateful, pornographic or sexually suggestive photos or other content
via the Service.

3. You are responsible for any activity that occurs through your account and you
agree you will not sell, transfer, license or assign your account, username, or
any account rights. You also represent that all information you provide or
provided to Doppelganger upon registration and at all other times will be true,
accurate, current and complete and you agree to update your information as
necessary to maintain its truth and accuracy.

4. You agree that you will not solicit, collect or use the login credentials of
other Doppelganger users.

5. You are responsible for keeping your password secret and secure.

6. You must not defame, stalk, bully, abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or
intimidate people or entities and you must not post private or confidential
information via the Service, including, without limitation, your or any other
person's credit card information, social security or alternate national identity
numbers, non-public phone numbers or non-public email addresses.

7. You may not use the Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. You
agree to comply with all laws, rules and regulations (for example, federal,
state, local and provincial) applicable to your use of the Service and your
Content (defined below), including but not limited to, copyright laws.

8. You are solely responsible for your conduct and any data, text, files,
information, usernames, images, graphics, photos, profiles, and other content or
materials (collectively, "Content") that you submit, post or display on or via
the Service.

9. You must not change, modify, adapt or alter the Service or change, modify or
alter another website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with the
Service or Doppelganger.

10. You must not access Doppelganger’s private API by means other than those
permitted by Doppelganger.

11. You must not interfere or disrupt the Service or servers or networks
connected to the Service, including by transmitting any worms, viruses, spyware,
malware or any other code of a destructive or disruptive nature. You may not
inject content or code or otherwise alter or interfere with the way any
Doppelganger page is rendered or displayed in a user's browser or device.

12. You must not create accounts with the Service through unauthorized means,
including but not limited to, by using an automated device, script, bot, spider,
crawler or scraper.

13. You must not attempt to restrict another user from using or enjoying the
Service and you must not encourage or facilitate violations of these Terms of
Use or any other Doppelganger terms.

14. Violation of these Terms of Use may, in Doppelganger 's sole discretion,
result in termination of your Doppelganger account. You understand and agree
that Doppelganger cannot and will not be responsible for the Content posted on
the Service and you use the Service at your own risk. If you violate the letter
or spirit of these Terms of Use, or otherwise create risk or possible legal
exposure for Instagram, we can stop providing all or part of the Service to you.

15. For Content that is covered by intellectual property rights such as photos
and videos (IP content) the user specifically gives us the following
permissions: Subject to the user’s privacy settings the user grants Group 17 a
non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty free, worldwide licence to
use any IP content that the user uploads to their personal profile on the
application, or in any other circumstances that connects to DoppelGanger. The
licence ends when the content has been deleted from the application or when your
account is terminated, unless it has been shared with others and they have not
deleted it.

**Content**

Our Service allows you to post, link, store, share and otherwise make available
certain information, text, graphics, videos, or other material content. You are
responsible for the content and material you provide and share on this mobile
app.

**Links To Other Web Sites**

Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not
owned or controlled by Doppelganger

Doppelganger has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the
content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party web sites or
services. You further acknowledge and agree that Doppelganger shall not be
responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or
alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such
content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or
services.

**Changes**

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms
at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days'
notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change
will be determined at our sole discretion.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
